Booty car
That's why a little hand the hair to cut Netto Palmer came out
Is I'm a pretty big event of in and take me say that'd power is the
Because it has the intention like would be multiplied many more times in that the rest of your life Well before
But also this timelapse
Though it's app Tteyuu the second child of the time lapse from the right from on the second chic
If you try to use for the first time in a while, it is quite updated
I a place that is still to edit the material that took the like, so the effect has been added softening function
I'd use a reflector in the fact that I would like to show you a little
Ah ah ah ah
If you look at something from behind you feel quite awkward, but it's okay or not company
Unfortunately I was not able to shoot well
Head reflector is also up and ready.
It says the new project material in its project in this time-lapse app
I'm an attempt is made to read, but its material
It was 3 minutes and 15 seconds after shooting in timelapse, but it is probably too long
I suppose
Even if I try to load it well, I'm forced to quit the app itself
I couldn't help but I wasn't able to show you where to edit
What it is and say whether I wanted to show you quite in the editing screen
It I'm so can many work it is or apply effects
I wanted to show such a place , but the right side was shot with timelapse
It is
It is the ones that say you press the shutter once every 30 seconds I de likely
Leo to show you a little shorter
We fast forward at 140%
And the screen on the left was taken using hd rmv 1 and this is 4300%
We fast forward to
We Are you fast-forward of what Kako um this
It's interesting that the warmer of the Palmer behind is spinning around
Good really, even if such it is good to leave it to the video
Though it is feeling that we are really sorry when we think from the standpoint of person who can show picture
By'm Well can feel free to shoot at it that time-lapse Well iphone
I think it will be interesting if you try variously Please try it by all means
Oh, I 'm in the shampoo right now
Now the streets to Chinami is hot topic in the topic of ps 4 but
8 I can not get on that wave unfortunately
Oh dear
If you start playing the game, you just destroy yourself
I know it myself I want to go to the side I enjoy videos that other people are up
I will
Entered was
I will continue to say yes
There
Thank you very much
andel